http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#GenitiveTransitiveFrame	de	wir BEDENKEN jenes mannes
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitivePPFrame	en	she ADDED salt TO the stew
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ImpersonalIntransitivePPSententialFrame	en	it SEEMS to her [that they were wrong]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ImpersonalTransitiveFrame	de	es JUCKT mich
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveInterrogativeInfinitiveFrame	en	he ASKED [what to do]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#PrepositionalPhraseFrame	en	he is IN london
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DitransitiveFrame	de	mein vater SCHREIBT ihr einen brief
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DitransitiveFrame	en	i GAVE him it
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#SubjectlessTransitiveFrame	de	mich FRIERT
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#SubjectlessTransitivePPFrame	de	mich EKELT VOR fleisch
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveFrame	en	the dog BIT the man
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveInfinitiveSCFrame	en	I WANTED [to come]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveDeclarativeFrame	en	he CONVINCED her [that she should go]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveSuperlativeFrame	en	tokyo is the BIGGEST of all metropoles
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveTransitivePPFrame	de	ich ERRINERE mich AN seinen vater
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveTransitivePPFrame	fr	elle se APPROCHE DE la gare
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveInfinitiveRSFrame	en	he SEEMED [to be happy]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitivePPInfinitiveFrame	en	he APPEARED to her [to be ill]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveInfinitiveOCFrame	en	i WANT john [to go]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveSententialFrame	en	he TOLD the audience [he was leaving]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveTransitiveFrame	de	er ERHOLT sich
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveTransitiveFrame	fr	elle se COUCHE
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DitransitiveDoubleAccusativeFrame	de	das KOSTET ihn sein leben
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveDativeTransitiveFrame	de	ich TUE mir WEH
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveInfinitiveFrame	en	she was ABLE [to climb the mountain]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitivePPFrame	en	he TOOK CARE OF her
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#NounPossessiveFrame	en	the CAPITAL OF france is paris
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveInfinitiveSCFrame	en	john PROMISED mary [to resign]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveAdjectivalComplementFrame	en	his reputation SANK low
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveComparativeFrame	en	new york is BIGGER THAN berlin
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectivePredicativeFrame	en	he is HAPPY
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveNominalComplementFrame	en	he SEEMED a fool
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveReciprocalFrame	de	hans und marie TREFFEN sich
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#SubjectlessIntransitivePPFrame	de	mir TRÄUMT VON jener zeit
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveAdverbialComplementFrame	en	he SEEMED well
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveInfinitiveACFrame	en	I HELPED [to save the child]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveInterrogativeFrame	en	he ASKED her [what he should do]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#NounPredicateFrame	en	he is a MAN
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReflexiveDitransitiveFrame	de	das habe ich mir EINGEBILDET
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveSententialFrame	en	it is PROBABLE [he left]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveAccusativePostPositiveFrame	de	wird wurden unseren irrtum GEWAHR
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveInfinitiveACFrame	en	they CONVINCED him [to go]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveAdjectivalComplementFrame	en	they PAINTED it red
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#GenitiveDitransitiveFrame	de	man KLAGTE ihn des diebstahls AN
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectivePPFrame	en	he is RELATED TO her
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveFrame	en	he LEFT
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DativeTransitiveFrame	de	ich DANKE dir
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#SubjectlessIntransitiveFrame	de	mir SCHWINDELT
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DitransitiveFrame_To	en	he GAVE his mother a presenthe GAVE a present TO his mother
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#DitransitiveFrame_For	en	she BOUGHT him itshe BOUGHT it FOR him
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveGenitivePostPositiveFrame	de	er ist des hochverrats SCHULDIG
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitivePPDeclarativeFrame	en	the SUGGESTED to him [that he should go]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveAttributiveFrame	en	the RED ball
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ReciprocalFrame	en	mary and john MET
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveDativePostPositiveFrame	de	er ist seinem bruder ÄHNLICH
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveAdverbialComplementFrame	en	she PUT the cheese back
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveDeclarativeFrame	en	it is CURIOUS [that he left]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveDeclarativeFrame	en	i KNOW [that is a bad idea]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ImpersonalTransitiveDeclarativeFrame	en	it ANNOYS him [that she left]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveNominalComplementFrame	en	they ELECTED him president
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectivePostPositiveFrame	en	that is something INTERESTING
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#AdjectiveImpersonalFrame	de	es ist mir HEISS
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ImpersonalIntransitivePPFrame	en	it REEKS OF tar
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#TransitiveInterrogativeInfinitiveFrame	en	he ASKED her [what to do]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#IntransitiveSententialFrame	en	they THOUGHT [he was always late]
http://www.lexinfo.net/ontology/2.0/lexinfo#ImpersonalIntransitiveSententialFrame	en	it SEEMS [he left]
